Add overview page for docker-compose to k8s migration (#27270)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/_index.md

* [Using Source IP](/docs/tutorials/services/source-ip/)

> ## Migrating to Kubernetes from compose
> 
> * [Overview](/docs/tutorials/compose-migration/)

Reviewer: If we make the following change, it leaves room for other tutorials about migrating to Kubernetes:
```suggestion
## Migrating to Kubernetes

* [Migrating from Docker Compose workflows to Kubernetes](/docs/tutorials/compose-migration/)
```
(also, I _think_ there is only one relevant implementation of Compose - but I might be wrong)
